Enabling Longhorn UI (#438)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/longhorn.md

```

flags-table

## Longhorn UI

> By default the Longhorn UI deployment is not running because it is an unauthenticated application.

Reviewer: this is awkward - maybe
```suggestion
The Longhorn UI deployment does not run by default because it is an unauthenticated application.
```
